Like a finger drawing on a canvas of the sky, there's a white contrail.
You suddenly asked me how planes fly and how clouds are formed.
I didn't know either, and as I struggled to find an answer,
You quietly said, "Maybe those are the tears of the plane."
We thought we were (endlessly) under a clear sky,
That there were no clouds of sadness (or rain) anywhere.
That's what we believed.
Although you're always smiling, could it be that one day I'll turn around and find you crying?
I began to feel uneasy about that possibility.
A contrail forms without the plane realizing it,
Maybe that's why this scenery looks so inexplicably sad.
Ah...
As the wind blew through, your long hair swayed, and you gently held it down.
I think you somehow felt the fluttering in your heart.
If you can't say (forever) that you love me,
What should we (oh, what should we) believe in as we move forward?
I was self-deceiving, thinking only I hadn't lost anything.
Even if I asked, "Do you love me?" I probably wouldn't get an answer.
Could it be that there's something that doesn't even resemble happiness?
Still, I wish to fly in this sky with you.
Ah...
When I look up at the sky from the ground, I can see the contrails,
But I can't hear the sound of the engine at all.
You're further away than I thought, crying,
I'm sorry I couldn't even reach out to you.
Although you're always smiling, could it be that one day I'll turn around and find you crying?
I began to feel uneasy about that possibility.
A contrail forms without the plane realizing it,
Maybe that's why this scenery looks so inexplicably sad.
Ah...